README.md, before:

youtube-dl-api-server
=====================

A youtube-dl REST API server.

###How to use it

Just do a GET request to `http://youtube-dl.appspot.com/api/?url=the_video_url`

You'll get a json file like this:

```
{"url": "http://store.steampowered.com/video/105600/",
 "ie": "Steam", 
 "youtube-dl.version": "2013.02.19",
  "videos": [
  			{"url": "http://media2.steampowered.com/steam/apps/81300/movie940.flv?t=1322762847", "ext": "flv", "id": "81300", "title": "Terraria 1.1 Trailer"}, 
  			{"url": "http://media2.steampowered.com/steam/apps/80859/movie940.flv?t=1306276243", "ext": "flv", "id": "80859", "title": "Terraria Trailer"}]}
```

Then you can use each url for downloading the video.

Read the documentation on [Read The Docs](https://youtube-dl-api-server.readthedocs.org/).

###Try it online
You can use a web interface on: [youtube-dl-web](http://jaimemf.github.com/youtube-dl-web/)

###Deploy your own API
It really easy to setup your own service:

####Deploy in App Engine
If you want to run the API on GAE, you just need to change the application value in `app.yaml`.

####Deploy using a custom sever

* Install by running `pip install youtube_dl_server`
* Then run `youtube-dl-server`, it will run a server on localhost:9191.

You can also download the source code and run `python -m youtube_dl_server`. See [webapp quick start](http://webapp-improved.appspot.com/tutorials/quickstart.nogae.html) for setting the environment.

######Status

The changes are tested in Travis using the `youtube_dl_server/server.py` server:

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/jaimeMF/youtube-dl-api-server.png?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/jaimeMF/youtube-dl-api-server)

Commit message:

Add instructions for downloading modules for deploying in GAE

README.md, after:

youtube-dl-api-server
=====================

A youtube-dl REST API server.

###How to use it

Just do a GET request to `http://youtube-dl.appspot.com/api/?url=the_video_url`

You'll get a json file like this:

```
{"url": "http://store.steampowered.com/video/105600/",
 "ie": "Steam", 
 "youtube-dl.version": "2013.02.19",
  "videos": [
  			{"url": "http://media2.steampowered.com/steam/apps/81300/movie940.flv?t=1322762847", "ext": "flv", "id": "81300", "title": "Terraria 1.1 Trailer"}, 
  			{"url": "http://media2.steampowered.com/steam/apps/80859/movie940.flv?t=1306276243", "ext": "flv", "id": "80859", "title": "Terraria Trailer"}]}
```

Then you can use each url for downloading the video.

Read the documentation on [Read The Docs](https://youtube-dl-api-server.readthedocs.org/).

###Try it online
You can use a web interface on: [youtube-dl-web](http://jaimemf.github.com/youtube-dl-web/)

###Deploy your own API
It really easy to setup your own service:

####Deploy in App Engine
If you want to run the API on GAE, you just need to change the application value in `app.yaml` and download some python modules to `lib` by running `./devscripts/setup-gae.sh`.

####Deploy using a custom sever

* Install by running `pip install youtube_dl_server`
* Then run `youtube-dl-server`, it will run a server on localhost:9191.

You can also download the source code and run `python -m youtube_dl_server`. See [webapp quick start](http://webapp-improved.appspot.com/tutorials/quickstart.nogae.html) for setting the environment.

######Status

The changes are tested in Travis using the `youtube_dl_server/server.py` server:

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/jaimeMF/youtube-dl-api-server.png?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/jaimeMF/youtube-dl-api-server)
